update several statements (#2831)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-set-variable.md

| sql_mode      | ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION |
+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

Update the value of `sql_mode` globally.

> Checking the value of `SQL_mode` after the update, you can see that the value of SESSION level has not been updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you check the value of `SQL_mode` after the update, you can see that the value of `SESSION` level has not been updated:
```
